src/Network/Network/help/Set-AzExpressRouteGateway.md, before:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Network.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.Network
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.network/set-azexpressroutegateway
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzExpressRouteGateway

## SYNOPSIS
Updates a Scalable ExpressRoute Gateway.

## SYNTAX

### ByExpressRouteGatewayName (Default)
```
Set-AzExpressRouteGateway -ResourceGroupName <String> -Name <String> [-MinScaleUnits <UInt32>]
 [-MaxScaleUnits <UInt32>] [-Tag <Hashtable>] [-AsJob] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf]
 [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByExpressRouteGatewayObject
```
Set-AzExpressRouteGateway -InputObject <PSExpressRouteGateway> [-MinScaleUnits <UInt32>] [-MaxScaleUnits <UInt32>]
 [-Tag <Hashtable>] [-AsJob] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByExpressRouteGatewayResourceId
```
Set-AzExpressRouteGateway -ResourceId <String> [-MinScaleUnits <UInt32>] [-MaxScaleUnits <UInt32>]
 [-Tag <Hashtable>] [-AsJob] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

The **Set-AzExpressRouteGateway** cmdlet enables you to update the scale units for an existing ExpressRouteGateway or update the resource tags.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1

```powershell
New-AzResourceGroup -Location "West US" -Name "testRG"
$virtualWan = New-AzVirtualWan -ResourceGroupName testRG -Name myVirtualWAN -Location "West US"
$virtualHub = New-AzVirtualHub -VirtualWan $virtualWan -ResourceGroupName "testRG" -Name "westushub" -AddressPrefix "10.0.0.1/24"
New-AzExpressRouteGateway -ResourceGroupName "testRG" -Name "testergw" -VirtualHubId $virtualHub.Id -MinScaleUnits 2
Set-AzExpressRouteGateway -ResourceGroupName "testRG" -Name "testergw" -MinScaleUnits 3
```

```output
ResourceGroupName   : testRG
Name                : testergw
Id                  : /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/testRG/providers/Microsoft.Network/expressRouteGateways/testergw
Location            : West US
MinScaleUnits       : 3
Type                : Microsoft.Network/expressRouteGateways
ProvisioningState   : Succeeded
```

The above will create a resource group "testRG", a Virtual WAN and a Virtual Hub in West US in that resource group in Azure.
An ExpressRoute gateway will be created thereafter in the Virtual Hub with 2 scale units which will then be modified to 3 scale units.

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Run cmdlet in the background

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
The ExpressRouteGateway that needs to be updated.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSExpressRouteGateway
Parameter Sets: ByExpressRouteGatewayObject
Aliases: ExpressRouteGateway

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaxScaleUnits
The maximum number of scale units for this ExpressRouteGateway. Valid range > 2

```yaml
Type: System.UInt32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MinScaleUnits
The minimum number of scale units for this ExpressRouteGateway. Valid range > 2

```yaml
Type: System.UInt32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The resource name.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByExpressRouteGatewayName
Aliases: ResourceName, ExpressRouteGatewayName, GatewayName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The resource group name of the ExpressRouteGateway to be updated.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByExpressRouteGatewayName
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceId
The Id of the ExpressRouteGateway that needs to be updated.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByExpressRouteGatewayResourceId
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
A hashtable which represents resource tags.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSVirtualHub

### System.String

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSExpressRouteGateway

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Add drop traffic feature control knobs

src/Network/Network/help/Set-AzExpressRouteGateway.md, after:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Network.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.Network
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.network/set-azexpressroutegateway
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzExpressRouteGateway

## SYNOPSIS
Updates a Scalable ExpressRoute Gateway.

## SYNTAX

### ByExpressRouteGatewayName (Default)
```
Set-AzExpressRouteGateway -ResourceGroupName <String> -Name <String> [-MinScaleUnits <UInt32>]
 [-MaxScaleUnits <UInt32>] [-Tag <Hashtable>] [-AsJob] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf]
 [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByExpressRouteGatewayObject
```
Set-AzExpressRouteGateway -InputObject <PSExpressRouteGateway> [-MinScaleUnits <UInt32>] [-MaxScaleUnits <UInt32>]
 [-Tag <Hashtable>] [-AsJob] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByExpressRouteGatewayResourceId
```
Set-AzExpressRouteGateway -ResourceId <String> [-MinScaleUnits <UInt32>] [-MaxScaleUnits <UInt32>]
 [-Tag <Hashtable>] [-AsJob] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

The **Set-AzExpressRouteGateway** cmdlet enables you to update the scale units for an existing ExpressRouteGateway or update the resource tags.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1

```powershell
New-AzResourceGroup -Location "West US" -Name "testRG"
$virtualWan = New-AzVirtualWan -ResourceGroupName testRG -Name myVirtualWAN -Location "West US"
$virtualHub = New-AzVirtualHub -VirtualWan $virtualWan -ResourceGroupName "testRG" -Name "westushub" -AddressPrefix "10.0.0.1/24"
New-AzExpressRouteGateway -ResourceGroupName "testRG" -Name "testergw" -VirtualHubId $virtualHub.Id -MinScaleUnits 2
Set-AzExpressRouteGateway -ResourceGroupName "testRG" -Name "testergw" -MinScaleUnits 3
```

```output
ResourceGroupName   : testRG
Name                : testergw
Id                  : /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/testRG/providers/Microsoft.Network/expressRouteGateways/testergw
Location            : West US
MinScaleUnits       : 3
Type                : Microsoft.Network/expressRouteGateways
ProvisioningState   : Succeeded
```

The above will create a resource group "testRG", a Virtual WAN and a Virtual Hub in West US in that resource group in Azure.
An ExpressRoute gateway will be created thereafter in the Virtual Hub with 2 scale units which will then be modified to 3 scale units.


### Example 2: Configure this gateway to accept traffic from non-Virtual WAN vnets.
```powershell
$gateway=Get-AzExpressRouteGateway -ResourceGroupName "resourceGroup001" -Name "gateway001"
$gateway.AllowNonVirtualWanTraffic = $true
$gateway = Set-AzExpressRouteGateway $gateway
```

The above commands will retrieve the gateway object, configure it to allow traffic from non-Virtual WAN vnets and persist those changes.


### Example 3: Configure this gateway to block traffic from non Virtual WAN networks.
```powershell
$gateway=Get-AzExpressRouteGateway -ResourceGroupName "resourceGroup001" -Name "gateway001"
$gateway.AllowNonVirtualWanTraffic = $false
$gateway = Set-AzExpressRouteGateway $gateway
```

The above commands will retrieve the gateway object, configure it to block traffic from non-Virtual WAN vnets and persist those changes.


## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Run cmdlet in the background

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
The ExpressRouteGateway that needs to be updated.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSExpressRouteGateway
Parameter Sets: ByExpressRouteGatewayObject
Aliases: ExpressRouteGateway

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaxScaleUnits
The maximum number of scale units for this ExpressRouteGateway. Valid range > 2

```yaml
Type: System.UInt32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MinScaleUnits
The minimum number of scale units for this ExpressRouteGateway. Valid range > 2

```yaml
Type: System.UInt32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The resource name.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByExpressRouteGatewayName
Aliases: ResourceName, ExpressRouteGatewayName, GatewayName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The resource group name of the ExpressRouteGateway to be updated.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByExpressRouteGatewayName
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceId
The Id of the ExpressRouteGateway that needs to be updated.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByExpressRouteGatewayResourceId
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
A hashtable which represents resource tags.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSVirtualHub

### System.String

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSExpressRouteGateway

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
